Your Highness, this throne is too dangerous
If it weren't for you?
His Highness is not involved in those things
What does this have to do with me?
Your Highness is awake
Recruit you to enter the palace to destroy the saint
What's the matter, I've already heard
You really did a good job this time.
Thank you father
Jingzhe
Oh, it really chills me
I ask you
What do you think should be done with him?
Listen to the father
I am asking you
Big brother has a bad heart
should kill
Then let me
See him again
Yes
I'm so old, why did Your Majesty say this?
Thirteen did a really good job
I see him as emperor material
Wait until this thing is established
I'm going to make him the prince's supervisor
I am afraid that these thirteen princes
He's so good at tossing
I don't know how these 13 brains grow